Updating data viz topics (#405)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/linear-gauge.md

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/linear_gauge_three_ranges.png" srcset="../images/linear_gauge_three_ranges@2x.png 2x" />

## Title and Subtitle

> The Linear Gauge has a Title and Subtitle and their text can be changed. They can also be hidden if not needed by setting them to No symbol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Linear Gauge has a Title and Subtitle and their text can be changed. They can also be hidden if not needed by setting them to ~No Symbol.
```

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/linear_gauge_title-off.png" srcset="../images/linear_gauge_title-off@2x.png 2x" />

Reviewer: again we should show an image with just the title and sibtitle

## Legend

> The Linear Gauge comes with a Legend that can be adjusted to match the selected Series Amount. Legend items can be removed by setting the corresponding Series to No symbol or added by finding it in the Overrides/Charts/Legend/Serie. Also there you can change the icon type between Square, Line or Circle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Linear Gauge comes with a Legend that can be adjusted to match the ranges shown on it and the current value. Legend items can be removed by setting the corresponding Series to ~No Symbol or added by finding it in the Overrides/Charts/Legend/Serie. Also there you can change the icon type between Square, Line or Circle.
```

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/linear_gauge_legend.png" srcset="../images/linear_gauge_legend@2x.png 2x" />

Reviewer: again use an image that only shows a legend

## Tooltip

> The Bullet Graph comes with an override for the tooltip visibility. Setting in to No Symbol hides it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Linear Gauge comes with a tooltip that may be hidden by setting the override to ~No Symbol.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/linear_gauge_tooltip-off.png" srcset="../images/linear_gauge_tooltip-off@2x.png 2x" />

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/linear_gauge_tooltip-on.png" srcset="../images/linear_gauge_tooltip-on@2x.png" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/linear_gauge_tooltip-on.png" srcset="../images/linear_gauge_tooltip-on@2x.png 2x" />
```

## Needle Type

The Linear Gauge provides various overrides that control the shape of the needle, which indicates the current value: **wide triangle**, needle, trapezoid, and triangle.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/linear_gauge_three_ranges.png" srcset="../images/linear_gauge_three_ranges@2x.png 2x" />

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/linear_gauge_needle.png" srcset="../images/linear_gauge_needle@2x.png 2x" />

Reviewer: let's use only one image with the 4 needles side by side

Ticks and Values are also configurable. The two types of ticks: Ticks and Minor Ticks can be hidden by setting their color to `Transparent`. The default Values 0,10,20 etc. up to 100 can be adjusted according to one's needs.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/linear_gauge_values.png" srcset="../images/linear_gauge_values@2x.png 2x" />

## Styling

The Linear Gauge comes with styling flexibility through the various overrides controlling a selection of brushes including Value Brush, Target Value Brush, Tick Brush, Minor Tick Brush, and a collection of Range Brushes.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/linear_gauge_styling.png" srcset="../images/linear_gauge_styling@2x.png 2x" />

## Usage

When creating data visualizations and information dashboards pick carefully between Bullet Graph and Linear Gauge depending on whether your scenario has a target value or not, and between Linear and Radial Gauge based on the amount of screen space you have at hand. Keep in mind that both Graphs and Gauges only show the current value and have no way to display historical values, if your application scenario requires such display, you should consider using the Line or Column chart.

> To create an easy to the eye and crisp data visualization pick colors for the Needle that have good contrast with the ranges and background underneath, avoid using variants of the same color as this makes the visualization hard to read and interpret. Unlike the [Radial Gauge](radial-gauge.md), the Linear Gauge Component needs more empty space around and you should avoid laying out a collection of Linear Gauges too densely next to one another as this makes them hard to comprehend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create an easy on the eye and crisp data visualization pick colors for the Needle that have good contrast with the ranges and background underneath, avoid using variants of the same color as this makes the visualization hard to read and interpret. Unlike the [Radial Gauge](radial-gauge.md), the Linear Gauge Component needs more empty space around and you should avoid laying out a collection of Linear Gauges too densely next to one another as this makes them hard to comprehend.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/linear_gauge_three_ranges.png" srcset="../images/linear_gauge_three_ranges@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/linear_gauge_four_ranges.png" srcset="../images/linear_gauge_four_ranges@2x.png 2x" />

## Ticks and Values

> The Ticks and Values can also be changed. There are two types of ticks - Ticks and Minor Ticks. Their color can be changed and by setting it to Transparent they can be hidden. The Values from 0 to 100 can be changed and by placing a "Spacebar" on their value they can also be hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ticks and Values are also configurable. The two types of ticks: Ticks and Minor Ticks can be hidden by setting their color to `Transparent`. The default Values 0,10,20 etc. up to 100 can be adjusted according to one's needs.
```

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/linear_gauge_ticks.png" srcset="../images/linear_gauge_ticks@2x.png 2x" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: we don't need this image really

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/linear_gauge_values.png" srcset="../images/linear_gauge_values@2x.png 2x" />

## Styling

> The Linear Gauge comes with styling flexibility through the various overrides controlling the range of brushes including: Value Brush, Target Value Brush, Tick Brush, Minor Tick Brush, and a collection of Range Brushes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Linear Gauge comes with styling flexibility through the various overrides controlling a selection of brushes including Value Brush, Target Value Brush, Tick Brush, Minor Tick Brush, and a collection of Range Brushes.
```
